Measuring experiments, Connecting data (#1)
jcs98/eppo-docs: docs/measuring-experiments/traffic.md

# Traffic and Traffic Inbalances

> The details page for each experiment contains a Set Up page where you can configure the % of traffic you want to randomize into the experiment.

Reviewer: Let's try to follow the Google developer documentation formatting guide here:

https://developers.google.com/style/text-formatting

so in particular, you'll want to bold **Set Up** page because it's a UI element.

I think the one exception is that we can continue to use Headline case rather than sentence case in the headings and subheadings

![Status](../../static/img/measuring-experiments/traffic-setup.png)

The **Traffic** tab shows you a comparison of the traffic seen between the variants being considered for the experiment. You can also toggle between seeing the cumulative, or daily traffic.

![Status](../../static/img/measuring-experiments/traffic.png)

> You can also see how the actual traffic differs from the actual traffic you were exepecting to see. If there is an inbalance, you will see a warning next to the tab and above the graph.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also see how the actual traffic differs from the actual traffic you were expecting to see. If there is an imbalance, you will see a warning next to the tab and above the graph.
```
